---
title: SCP-990
description: H̴̬̪̰̭̩̖̥͐̃̅̄̋̈́̌̈́͘e̸̢͚̠̖͙̯̰̝͔͈̥̞̪͎̥͗̂̊͂̍͝l̷̡̥̳̤̣̱̪̓̓̃̑̍͐͆́̑͘͘͠l̷̨̛̛̬̮̼̫̩̤̪͙̖̃̔̎͌̃͂̇̍̓͐͆ͅ
published: true
date: 2023-10-20T09:13:51.807Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-10-18T05:35:30.785Z
---

# <font color="#380001">SCP</font><font color="white">-</font><font color="#020408">Error</font>
<big>Object Class</big>: <font color="#ba1013"><big>Keter</big></font>
**Description**:
**SCP-990** is a humanoid figure of unknown origin. Its appearance varies in dreams, but it often wears a featureless, white mask and a black suit. It has the ability to enter the dreams of individuals at random, although the selection process remains unknown. When **SCP-990** appears in a dream, subjects typically experience a sense of impending doom and overwhelming anxiety.

**Behavior**:
**SCP-990** communicates with dreamers through whispered and distorted speech. Its messages are often cryptic and unsettling, sometimes hinting at future events or catastrophes. These predictions are frequently redacted or left incomplete, adding to the sense of unease and uncertainty.

**[DATA EXPUNGED]**
**SCP-990's** motives and origins remain a mystery. Some speculate that it may possess precognitive abilities, while others suggest that it could be an entity attempting to convey a hidden message or agenda. The Foundation has conducted extensive research on the nature of **SCP-990's** appearances and the implications of its messages, but much of the information is **[REDACTED]** due to its sensitive and potentially dangerous nature.

**Containment Procedures**:
Subjects who experience an encounter with **SCP-990** in their dreams are to be monitored closely for signs of distress, psychological trauma, or any manifestation of **SCP-990's** predictions in the real world. **[DATA EXPUNGED]**.

Remember, **SCP-990** is a creation of the SCP Foundation's collaborative writing project and is purely a work of fiction designed to evoke a sense of unease and mystery.
## Testing log #2
**SCP-990** was [REDACTED] D class Personal reported of SCP-990 in their dreams telling them to ████████
And burn The ████████ to ashes, DR-████ Was shocked and was sent to Therapy.




Further Testing is required. ~**Dr.Zav**